Batch 4 - By Rashi Rana

Week 1 - DevOps Concept - Quiz 

1. What is the primary goal of DevOps?
a) To replace all manual testing with automated testing
b) To bridge the gap between Development and Operations teams
c) To eliminate the need for system administrators
d) To increase the number of developers in a team
Answer: b

2. In a CI/CD pipeline, what does the "Continuous" in Continuous Integration refer to?
a) Running 24/7 without stopping
b) Never changing the process
c) Frequent and automated integration of code changes
d) Requiring constant human intervention
Answer: c

3. Which of the following is NOT a major cloud provider mentioned in the presentation?
a) Amazon Web Services (AWS)
b) Microsoft Azure
c) Google Cloud Platform
d) Oracle Database Cloud
Answer: d

4. What does IaC stand for in DevOps?
a) Internet as Code
b) Infrastructure as Code
c) Integration as Code
d) Implementation as Code
Answer: b

5. What is a Terraform provider?
a) A company that sells Terraform licenses
b) A plugin that enables Terraform to interact with different services
c) A person who provides Terraform training
d) A server that hosts Terraform configurations
Answer: b

6. In Terraform resource syntax, what does the "resource_name" represent?
resource "aws_instance" "web_server" {
  ami = "ami-12345"
}
a) The type of AWS service
b) Your local identifier for the resource
c) The AMI ID
d) The provider name
Answer: b

7. What is the primary purpose of Terraform state?
a) To store Terraform configuration files
b) To track what resources Terraform has created and their current status
c) To backup your code to the cloud
d) To store user passwords and credentials
Answer: b

8. Which command initializes a Terraform working directory?
a) terraform start
b) terraform begin
c) terraform init
d) terraform setup
Answer: c

9. What should you NEVER do with a Terraform state file?
a) Back it up regularly
b) Store it remotely for team collaboration
c) Edit it manually with a text editor
d) Use it to track resource changes
Answer: c

10. In the GitHub provider hands-on example, what was required to authenticate with GitHub?
a) Username and password
b) SSH key
c) Personal access token
d) OAuth application
Answer: c

11. Which Terraform command shows you what changes will be made before actually applying them?
a) terraform show
b) terraform plan
c) terraform preview
d) terraform check
Answer: b

12. What is the main benefit of using remote state in Terraform?
a) It makes Terraform run faster
b) It reduces the size of configuration files
c) It enables team collaboration and provides state locking
d) It eliminates the need for providers
Answer: c

13. Which of the following is a core principle of Infrastructure as Code?
a) Manual configuration is preferred
b) Infrastructure should be mutable and changeable
c) Infrastructure should be declarative and idempotent
d) Only senior engineers should manage infrastructure
Answer: c

14. What happens when you run `terraform destroy`?
a) It deletes only the Terraform configuration files
b) It removes all resources managed by the current Terraform state
c) It uninstalls Terraform from your system
d) It backs up your infrastructure to the cloud
Answer: b

15. In the GitHub repository resource example, what does `auto_init = true` do?
a) Automatically installs dependencies
b) Creates the repository with a README file
c) Sets up automatic backups
d) Enables automatic security scanning
Answer: b

16. In the traditional waterfall model, what happens when a bug is discovered during the testing phase?
a) The bug is fixed immediately without affecting other phases
b) The entire development process may need to restart from earlier phases
c) Only the testing phase is repeated
d) The bug is documented and fixed in the next release
Answer: b
